Add autoSignIn documentation to readme (#180)
asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-react-sdk: API.md

    .
}
```
---

> ### checkActiveSession

Reviewer: Can we use a different name for this method as `checkActiveSession` means that the method will only check if there is an active session and do nothing else? Since this method also will sign the user in, I guess we better have a name that will imply that as well.

Author: changed with config name to `autoSignIn`

| `clientSecret`               | Optional          | `string`        | ""                                                                      | The client secret of the OIDC application                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `enablePKCE`                 | Optional          | `boolean`       | `true`                                                                  | Specifies if a PKCE should be sent with the request for the authorization code.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `disableAutoSignIn` | Optional | `boolean` | `true` | Specifies if the SDK should try to sign in silently on mount using the browser storage approach. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableAutoSignIn` | Optional | `boolean` | `true` | Specifies if the SDK should try to sign in on app load using the browser storage approach. |
```

Author: Resolved with 873cd81070ba992fa5cffe48c3a4f2420dba5cdd
